I see what you rely on to turn over
What are you talking about?
Hello, you are Jiang Shenshen
well-connected
In fact, we already guessed it
I can make tens of billions on this waste
Developing new semiconductor projects
It's all your help behind the scenes
You are talking nonsense. This money is obviously earned by Du Chen himself.
How is it possible with him, a piece of trash?
You all wronged me
Du Chen can earn tens of billions
But we have nothing to do with each other
Mr. Lin knows that you are flattering him
But you saw the fact
Just this trash
He is a puddle of mud that cannot support the wall
My grandfather has been closed for many years
I will never guide anyone to invest
Let alone the new semiconductors you're talking about.
Our Lin family is not interested in setting up at all
Not Lin
Is there someone else behind Du Chen?
The reason why I am dear to the Du family
What I like is the courage in him
It can stir up the situation in the virtual currency market
Gather a trillion-dollar investment
I don't think so.
But now it seems
Not a good match for my granddaughter
This is the end of the matter
Groom, please think about it again.
Your Du Consortium suffered this disaster
It should be controlled quickly.
Otherwise, to the Du Consortium
There's going to be some impact.
Do you hear me?
Gucheng, I advise you to give me the company as soon as possible
If I am happy
Maybe it can help you eliminate comments.
That's all it can do now
Looks like you've got me